In order
--------
Color picker


Duh
---
(could intersect viewport with canvas for efficiency)
mipmap caches
figure out bg drawing, and similar things
undo tree interface
find higher res graphics api
brightness scaling?
how to deal with selections?
finish AddLayerHN
ugh, SetLayerSettingsAHN
Hmm, "normally" colors only mix on a given layer.  Should we, should we not?  Should there be an isolation-layer-wrapper?
Distinguish between tip and eraser
Figure out natural scale, system for relative scaling and translation of viewport
keymapping
Show layer thumbnails
Allow more generic tree-list mapping
      component visibility
      component tap, long press handler
      (fix hastiness of before)
Figure out how to not open drawers with pen (or arbitrary tool)
Proper fullscreen
"New" button
Merge layers
Brush back map to eraser
Please fix the layers ui architecture
color history


Ideas/Things to do
------------------
layer A can go over part of layer B and then under another part of B
masks (special layer type?)
blur/hue/function/script layers
COLOR MATRIX
also non-orderable layers?
allow collapse of certain nodes?  (e.g., moving a layer twice)
hide similar nodes, for clarity?  (imagine 100 stroke nodes....)
     hide similar SIBLINGS? (especially leaves...undo-redo cycles)
user-defined constants, variables, colors, equations?  For supporting the symbolic re-caluclation
cache and optimize certain actions?  like compress 10 strokes into a bitmap until res changes, maybe?
functions on pressure, etc.
    functions on everything, in general
time-finder: playback art until you find the spot you want to change it at.  Or time-slider?
AlterColorwheelSMHN ?
More sliding drawers
     tabbed etc. drawers?
Tilt/rotation support
    General map-number support?
Art training mode/tools?
Symbolic-link layer?
Tooltips?
Allow text commands, like shell?  "mv a523ed 51ea6a 3"
      Just parse into a history node
      	   Maybe they have assigned abbreviations?
	   Or it just requires it can find exactly one possible match
Allow name layers
Lock opacity
Info "pen" (show x,y; color...layers?  dunno)
Import image
Next to layer show average color?
Compositing brushes
Porterduff modes on brushes?
Copy/paste OUTSIDE history tree?
Think about how layer composition will work - simplify?


Fix
---
export size
PorterDuff layers
Eraser


Thinking on paper
-----------------
1.  What to do about layers?  Is a layer responsible for drawing over input, or does its parent pass it a clear canvas and composite the output?  Or both?  On the side of child, it'd make more sense for a child to apply its own opacity, etc., rather than making the parent do it.  On the side of parent, consider clipping masks - once the child composites its output with the existing stuff, the parent can no longer clip it.  And what about, say, a blur layer?  It would require the existing stuff, to function.  How would you clip that, anyway?  
2.  Layers are transient.  I think.  It's the tree that canonically defines the state of the art.


Lower priority
--------------
Allow collapse group layers
Improve file dialogs


Done
----
Associate with *.uaf
Hide layers
Eraser
Fragmentize menus etc.
Fix canvas spatials OR have it match viewport
Fixed vs. Viewport canvas mode
Pinch/zoom/pan
Distinguish between fingers and pen (optionize)
layers
layer interface
preferred child, for undo/redo ease?
save, load, export
